DropDownBox: Add Overview (#7755)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DropDownBox/03 Overview/00 Overview.md

---

> 

Reviewer: I see that the same text is repeated 4 times here - for jQuery, Angular, Vue and React. Will all of these descriptions be displayed on one page? (If so, I think you may need to vary the text to avoid repetition.)

Author: Nope, the texts will not be displayed on the same page at once.

Reviewer: Thank you

##### Angular

DevExtreme DropDownBox is an advanced editor that supports in-depth customization. The component consists of a text field and a drop-down area. The drop-down area can contain custom markup, including other [DevExtreme components](/Documentation/Guide/Angular_Components/DevExtreme_Angular_Components/).

##### Vue

DevExtreme DropDownBox is an advanced editor that supports in-depth customization. The component consists of a text field and a drop-down area. The drop-down area can contain custom markup, including other [DevExtreme components](/Documentation/Guide/Vue_Components/DevExtreme_Vue_Components/).

##### React

DevExtreme DropDownBox is an advanced editor that supports in-depth customization. The component consists of a text field and a drop-down area. The drop-down area can contain custom markup, including other [DevExtreme components](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/DevExtreme_React_Components/).

---

> [important] DevExtreme ships with multiple other drop-down editors. To find out which editor best suits your task, refer to the following article: [How to Choose a Drop-Down Editor](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Lookup/Choose_a_Drop-Down_Editor/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[important] DevExtreme ships with multiple drop-down editors. To find out which editor best suits your task, refer to the following help topic: [How to Choose a Drop-Down Editor](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Lookup/Choose_a_Drop-Down_Editor/).
```
